1) What is the effect of the Ks and Kd parameters on the jello?

  The Ks and Kd paraemters are the proportional and damping coefficeints of the 
  springs, respectively. They determine the force that each spring has on the
  attached particles based on Hooke's Law.
  
  A larger proportional term will result in larger forces acting on the
  particles as they deviate from the virtual springs rest length. The damping
  term is related to the change in the springs deviation from its rest length
  providing a damping effect.

2) What are the benefits and the drawbacks of the collision system used here?
    What are some different ways in which it could be improved?
  
  The benefits of the collision system we employed is that it is easy to
  implement and provides a natural looking reponse. 

  One drawback is the fact we are using a stiff spring to model the collisions.
  Stiff spring limits the time step we can use to keep the system stable since
  we are using an explicit integration scheme. 

  The system could be improved by first detecting a collision state, then
  rolling back the simulation to determine where the actual collision happened
  before applying the collision forces. Right now, I am just assuming the
  collision is happening at the current particle position and not where it first
  makes contact with the object.
  

3) What is an example of a stiff constrained system?

  A "bead on a wire" is an example of a stiff constrained system. We want a
  particle to orbit a particular position with a desired radius, never deviating
  from circle.

  Another 2D example is to have a particle that can never leave the Y-axis (y =
  0) but is free to move along the X-axis (as described in the Baraff notes). 


4) What is the difference between the explicit and implicit integration scheme?

  Explicit methods update the function based on the current derivative of the
  system. 
  
  Implicit integration is done by finding a new state (Xnew) such that taking
  a step from X usin the derivative of Xnew you would end up at Xnew.
    Xnew = X + h * f(Xnew);

  Explicit integration is under stable, it can become unstable depending on the
  choice of K and the time step. Implicit integration is over stable, it will
  not explode. 


5) Why would I not want to use a penalty constraint (weak or strong spring) to
    hold a bead to a wire? How would I formulate the problem instead?

  Explicit integration does not handle stiff constraints well. The whole system
  is limited by the largest constraint which will require a very small time step
  to keep stable making the simulation take forever.
  A weak spring will not produce any reasonable results for keeping the bead on
  the wire, it will have a large error compared to the desired behavior.

  You can formulate the problem by converting the constraints to forces imposed
  on the particle. Applying the principle of virtual work (no energy loss/gain)
  and then using Lagrangian multipliers to solve for the constraints.


6) Does the jello behave realistically?

  Comparing it with the video of a high speed camera recording a jello cube as it
  impacts the ground, the jello cube does not behave as a real life jello cube.
  The real jello cube performs much more drastic deformations than are exhibited
  by this simulation.

